#labels Paginainicial
= Revisao bibliografica =

* 
  # [MorfoLogia Morfologia Matematica]
  # [EdicaoVideo Edição de Vídeo]
  # Processamento de Baixo Nível
    # [FiltragemEspacial Filtragem Espacial]
    # [Borda Detecção de Bordas]
  # [SistemaCor Sistemas de cor]
  # [SistemaVideo Sistemas de vídeo] (isso é tp... formatos de vídeo, tipos, tipo... a formatacao de  video... foi oq eu entendi)
  # [Segmentacao Segmentação de Imagens]
  # [RitmoVisual Ritmo Visual]
  # [CasamentoDePadros Métodos de casamento de padrões] (isso é coisa mais de entropia... se não me engano...)


= Trabalhos relacionados =

|| *Nome*   || *Trabalho 1*      || *Trabalho 2  *            || *Trabalho 3* ||
|| mizu     || [cr2033]          || [Conf_02_SIBGRAPI_Silvio] || [ngo99detection]  ||
|| fabricio || [Journal_04_JASP] || [297_304]                 || [ZMM_MM95]        ||
|| ivan     || [KrisAthens]      || [guimarae]                || [bertrand97image] ||
|| mauricio || [jamil]           || [Simoes]                  || [a_directional_and_parametrized] ||

= Trabalhos relacionados 2 =


|| *Nome*   || *Trabalho 1*      || *Trabalho 2  *            || *Trabalho 3* ||
|| mizu                || [Journal_03_prl_jamil] || [Movie_scene_segmentation_using_background_information] (Não Serve) || [Circular_discontinuities_detection] (Não Serve) ||
|| fabricio            || [A_review_of_real_time_segmentation] || [Journal_00_RITA] || [A_new_cut_detection_algorithm] ||
|| ivan                || [A_fuzzy_logic_approach_for_detection] || [An_efficient_method_for_scene_cut_detection] || [Content_based_indexing_and_retrieval_of_TV_news] ||
|| mauricio            || [Indexing_for_reuse_of_TV_news_shots] || [Object_based_video_retrieval_with_local_region_tracking] || [Temporal_video_segmentation_and_classification_of_edit_effects] ||


= sort =
{{{
[fabriciols@linux01 fabriciols]$ cat sort.sh
cp -p journal_temp journal

while read who ; do
        NUM=0
        ALL=""

        while [ $NUM -ne 3 ] ; do
                RAND=$(expr $RANDOM % 10)
                FIND=$(sed -n ${RAND}p journal)
                if [ ! -z "$FIND" ] ; then
                        grep -v "$FIND" journal > journal.2
                        mv journal.2 journal
                        ((NUM++))
                        FIND=$( echo $FIND | sed s/.pdf//g )
                        FIND=$( echo $FIND | sed "s/[ -]/_/g" )
                        ALL="${ALL} || [$FIND]"
                fi
        done

        printf "|| %-18s %s ||\n" $who "$ALL"

done <<EOF
mizu
fabricio
ivan
mauricio
EOF
}}}

= Referencias =

-----
[http://code.google.com/p/m-fit/downloads/detail?name=Journal_04_JASP.pdf&can=2&q=#makechanges Link]
GUIMARÃES, S. J. F. ; LEITE, Neucimar Jerônimo ; COUPRIE, Michel ; ARAÚJO, Arnaldo de Albuquerque .* Video transition sharpening based on flat zone analysis. In: Non-linear Signal Image Processing, 2003*, Grado. EURASIP NSIP 2003, 2003.  
Palavras-chave: Video transition; Morfologia Matemática; Segmentação do Vídeo; Video Digital.  
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/cr2033.pdf Link]
GUIMARÃES, S. J. F. ; LEITE, Neucimar Jerônimo ; COUPRIE, Michel ; ARAÚJO, Arnaldo de Albuquerque .* An approach to detect video transitions based on mathematical morphology. In: International Conference on Image Processing, 2003*, Barcelone. IEEE ICIP 2003, 2003. v. III. p. 1021-1024.  
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/Conf_02_SIBGRAPI_Silvio.pdf Link]
GUIMARÃES, S. J. F. ; LEITE, Neucimar Jerônimo ; COUPRIE, Michel ; ARAÚJO, Arnaldo de Albuquerque .* A directional and multi-scale method to identify gradual transitions. In: XV Brazilian Symposium on Computer Graphics and Image Processing, 2002*, Fortaleza. IEEE SIBGRAPI 2002, 2002. p. 261-268.  
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/guimarae.pdf Link]
GUIMARÃES, S. J. F. ; ARAÚJO, Arnaldo de Albuquerque ; COUPRIE, Michel ; LEITE, Neucimar Jerônimo . *Identificação de transições em vídeo digital a partir da análise de ritmo visual,. In: Workshop em Tratamento de Imagens, 2002*, Belo horizonte. Anais (CD-ROM) do III Workshop em Tratamento de Imagens, 2002. 
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/297-304.pdf Link]
GUIMARÃES, S. J. F. . *A method for cut detection based on visual rhythm. In: XIV Brazilian Symposium on Computer Graphics and Image Processing, 2001,* Florianópolis. Proc. of the IEEE SIBGRAPI'2001, 2001. p. 297-304. 
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/ZMM-MM95.pdf Link] R. Zabih, J. Miller, and K. Mai. *A feature-based algorithms for detecting and classifying 
scene breaks.* Multimedia Systems, 7:119–128, 1999. 
-----
PAGO 
_ W. A. C. Fernando, C. N. Canagarajah, and D. R. Bull. *Fade and dissolve detection 
in uncompressed and compressed video sequences. *In Proc. of the IEEE ICIP, pages
299–303, 1999. _
-----
_H. Zhang, A. Kanknhalli, and S. W. Smoliar. * Automatic partitioning of full-motion 
video. Multimedia Systems, 1:10–28, 1993. * _
-----
_M. G. Chung, J. Lee, H. Kim, S. M.-H. Song, and W. M. Kim. *Automatic video segmentation based on spatio-temporal features. Korea Telecom Journal, 4(1):4–14, 1999. *_
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/A%20review%20of%20real-time%20segmentation.pdf Link] Sébastien Lefèvre, Jérôme Holler, Nicole Vincent. *A review of real-time segmentation of uncompressedvid eo sequences for content-basedsearch andretrieval, 2003.*
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/A%20new%20cut%20detection%20algorithm.pdf Link] Tie-Yan Liu, Kwok-Tung Lo,Xu-Dong Zhang,aand Jian Fengc. *A new cut detection algorithm with constant false-alarm ratio for video segmentation, 2002.*
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/A%20fuzzy%20logic%20approach%20for%20detection.pdf Link] Hui Fang, Jianmin Jiang,Yue Feng. *A fuzzy logic approach for detection of video shot boundaries, 2006.*
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/An%20efficient%20method%20for%20scene%20cut%20detection.pdf Link] Jun Yu, M.D. Srinath. *An efficient method for scene cut detection, 2001*
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/Circular%20discontinuities%20detection.pdf Link] Hafizal Yazida, Haniza Yazid, Mohd Haruna, Shukri Mohda, A. Aziz Mohameda,
Mohamed Rizonb, Shaharudin Sayutia. *Circular discontinuities detection in welded joints using Circular Hough Transform, 2007.*
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/Content-based%20indexing%20and%20retrieval%20of%20TV%20news.pdf Link] M. Bertini, A. Del Bimbo, P. Pala. *Content-based indexing and retrieval of TV news, 2001.*
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/Indexing%20for%20reuse%20of%20TV%20news%20shots.pdf Link] M. Bertini, A. Del Bimbo, P. Pala. *Indexing for reuse of TV news shots*, 2000.
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/Movie%20scene%20segmentation%20using%20background%20information.pdf Link] Liang-Hua Chena, Yu-Chun Laib, Hong-Yuan Mark Liao. *Movie scene segmentation using background information*, 2007.
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/Object%20based%20video%20retrieval%20with%20local%20region%20tracking.pdf Link] Arasanathan Anjulan, Nishan Canagarajah. *Object based video retrieval with local region tracking*, 2007.
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/Temporal%20video%20segmentation%20and%20classification%20of%20edit%20effects.pdf Link] Sarah Porter, Majid Mirmehdi, Barry Thomas. *Temporal video segmentation and classification of edit effects*, 2003.
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/Journal_00_RITA.pdf Link]ARAÚJO, Arnaldo de Albuquerque ; GUIMARÃES, S. J. F. . *Recuperação de Informação com Base no Conteúdo Visual em Imagens e Vídeo Digitais.* Revista de Informatica Teórica e Aplicada, Porto Alegre, v. VII, n. 2, p. 43-71, 2000
-----
[http://m-fit.googlecode.com/files/Journal_03_prl_jamil.pdf Link] GUIMARÃES, S. J. F. ; COUPRIE, Michel ; ARAÚJO, Arnaldo de Albuquerque ; LEITE, Neucimar Jerônimo . *Video segmentation based on 2D image analysis. *Pattern Recognition Letters, v. 24, p. 947-957, 2003.
-----
[http://www.inf.pucminas.br/projetos/viplab/site/viplab/files/pdf/Journal_04_JASP.pdf Link] GUIMARÃES, S. J. F. ; LEITE, Neucimar Jerônimo ; COUPRIE, Michel ; ARAÚJO, Arnaldo de Albuquerque . *Flat Zone Analysis and a Sharpening Operation for Gradual Transition Detection on Video Images.* Journal On Applied Signal Processing, Ohio, USA, 2004.
-----
Pagina do Guimaraes e TODOS seus artigos. Obs.: Os artigos já estão nesta lista aqui.
* http://www.inf.pucminas.br/projetos/viplab/site/viplab/files/publications.htm